# CC Trace Viewer

Analyze your Claude Code traces generated by [claude-trace](https://github.com/badlogic/lemmy/tree/main/apps/claude-trace).

## What is this repo?

This is a fully AI generated utility to provide a better view into Claude Code traces generated by `claude-trace`. I wanted a simple way to browse all the sessions in a given `.claude-trace/` directory, see the cost of the sessions, individual requests and other QoL features.

But more importantly, it's an exploration of what it takes to build a full-featured web utility using only AI, with very little oversight. I haven't read a single line of code in this repo, and I certainly haven't written one myself. This was purely Claude Code running in the background, and me occasionally clicking through the app and writing down what the next goal should be.

And I wanted to share it all. The code is open source, the app is freely available, but most importantly, I'm sharing the `.claude-trace/` directory from creating this app - all the prompts, claude code sessions, all the dead-ends and experimentation. Everything. And you can use the app itself to browse the traces (a little meta, I know).

## Disclaimers

- This is not a production-grade app or code. I don't really even know how good the code is, because that wasn't the point. It's an internal tool that I wanted to use, written by Claude Code while I was doing others stuff.

- It's also not a "definitive guide for how to use Claude Code". I was trying to use the best practices and apply my experience with AI Coding agents, but I've also experimented a bunch, completely scrapping some threads and starting over. I was also using the repo for inspecting how some CC features work exactly (e.g. what's the system prompt, how it shows up to the agent, etc) - commands, skills, hooks...

- And finally it's not a tool that comes with any guarantees. I plan to keep tweaking it so it serves my needs the best, but I can't promise I'll respond to any feature requests or bug reports from users. Feel free to fork and bend it to your own needs.

## Cost

From an empty directory, all the way to a Github Pages release this app used **~137M** tokens, costing little less than **$100** and taking around 3 hours of API time.
I developed it in a course of a couple weeks, in the evenings, on the weekends and generally on a "back burner". While claude was giving me "test plans" for things to manually validate, I usually just blindly accepted and only really clicked through the app once a whole implementation-plan was complete to think about what the next goal should be.

## How to use it

Using it is very simple.

1. Either clone the repo and run it locally, or use the [live version](https://vnawrath.github.io/cc-trace-viewer/)
2. Gather some traces, or download the [demo traces](https://github.com/vnawrath/cc-trace-viewer/releases/download/v1/v1.claude-trace.zip) and unzip it.
3. Open the `.claude-trace/` directory in the app and start browsing!

> [!NOTE]
> Make sure that you have hidden files visible in the file picker. Because of the name, the `.claude-trace/` directory is hidden by default.

To gather your own traces, use the [claude-trace](https://github.com/badlogic/lemmy/tree/main/apps/claude-trace) tool.

```bash
npm install -g @mariozechner/claude-trace
```

And then use `claude-trace` instead of your `claude` command.
